kuü.ävgcljfhieaodtrnsßxyö,qbpwmz   AdNW
qhouxgcrfzüyieaßdstnbäj.ök,wmlpv   BEAKL-15
jduaxphlmwßctieobnrsgqfvüäöyz,.k   Bone
wlypbzfouüßcrstgmneiaäqjvdkxhö,.   Canary
qwfpgjluyßöarstdhneioäzxcvbkm,.ü   Colemak
qwfpbjluyßöarstgmneioäzxcdvkh,.ü   Colemak-DH
ß,.pyfgcrlüaoeuidhtnsäöqjkxbmwvz   Dvorak
BYOUäüLDWVZCIEA,.HTSNQGXJKßöRMFP   Engram
vlhgkqfoujüsrntbycaeiäzxmdpßw.ö,   Focal
bldcvjyou,ünrtsgphaeiäxqmwzkföß.   Gallium
bldwzäfoujönrtsgyhaei,qxmcvkp.üß   Graphite
wfmpvö.üäßzrsntb,aeihjcldgqxuoyk   Hands-Down-Neu-sym
k.ouäqgclfjhaeiybtrnsßzx,üöpdwmv   KOU
k.o,yvgclßzhaeiudtrnsfxqäüöbpwmj   KOY
KFOUYvDCLJÜHAEI,GTRNSÄxq.ZöBPWMß   KOY30variant
QWLDGJFOUüßNSRTPYHEIAäZXCVBKM,.ö   Middlemak-NH
xvlcwkhgfqßuiaeosnrtdyüöäpzbm,.j   Neo
zyuaqpbmlfjcsieodtnrhßvxüäöwg,.k   Noted
qkOuYVdCLJüHAEIfgTRNSäz,.xßBPmwö   Pit-2.0 # kou inspired
puö,qgclmfühieaodtrnsäky.ßxjvwbz   PUQ30-variant
qüOuYVdCLJzHAEIägTRNSfKx.,ÖBPmwß   QOU-1.2 # final erst mal
qwertyuiopüasdfghjklöäzxcvbnm,.ß   QWERTY
qwertzuiopüasdfghjklöäyxcvbnm,.ß   QWERTZ
vmlcpxfoujüstrdy.naeiäzkqgwbhöß,   Sturdy
v.ouäqglhfjcaeiybtrnsßzx,üöpdwmk   VOU
X.O,YVGCLJßHAEIUDTRNSFKQÄÜÖBPWMZ   XOY




